Additional docs (#171)
ArbitrumFoundation/governance: docs/security-council-mgmt.md

The Constitution also declares some other additional affordances to certain parties

### Removal Governor
The DAO can vote to remove a member prior to the end of their term, as long as 10% of possible votes are cast in favour and 5/6 of cast votes are in favour. This is implemented as a governor with correct quorum and proposal passed thresholds. 

It accepts proposals in the same format that normal governors do, however it overrides the propose function to check that these proposals are only executing a remove member function on the manager. This governor has the rights to call `removeMember` on the `SecurityCouncilManager`.

Voting and proposing can occur using the standard governance UIs.

### 9/12 Security Council

The Security Council can remove a member prior to the end of their term, if 9 of 12 members agree. The 9 of 12 council has the rights to call `removeMember` on the `SecurityCouncilManager`.

> The Security Council can also add a member once one has been removed. If 9 of 12 members agree and if there are less than 12 members currently on the council. The 9 of 12 council is be given the rights to call `addMember` on the `SecurityCouncilManager`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Security Council can also add a member once one has been removed if 9 of 12 members agree and if there are less than 12 members currently on the council. The 9 of 12 council is be given the rights to call `addMember` on the `SecurityCouncilManager`.
```

### Overall diagram
Below is a diagram showing the interaction between the different components described above:
![](./security-council-colors.png)

## Settings of interest
Some of the following settings are updateable, others are presently not, see the in-code function documentation for how/if to update these settings and who can update them. The Constitution dictates the values of many of the settings and so in many cases will also need to be updated.

| Contract | Property | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- |
| SecurityCouncilManager | securityCouncils | If new security councils are created, either on existing chains or on new ones, their information should be added here so that they can receive membership updates |

> | SecurityCouncilManager | router | The router is used to locate Upgrade Executors on other chains, and form call data for accessing them. The router itself is immutable, so if Upgrade Executors change locations, or new ones are added on other chains then a new UpgradeExecRouteBuilder will need to be created with the correct settings and its address updated on the Manager |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| SecurityCouncilManager | router | The router is used to locate Upgrade Executors on other chains, and form calldata for accessing them. The router itself is immutable, so if Upgrade Executors change locations, or new ones are added on other chains then a new UpgradeExecRouteBuilder will need to be created with the correct settings and its address updated on the Manager |
```
